Create a new directory called "chain-exercise" in your home directory.

Create a subdirectory called "docs" inside the "chain-exercise" directory.

Navigate to the "docs" directory.

Create a new text file called "notes.txt" using the "nano" command.

Add a few lines of text to the "notes.txt" file using the "nano" editor.

Save and exit the "notes.txt" file.

Navigate back to the "chain-exercise" directory.

Create a subdirectory called "images" inside the "chain-exercise" directory.

Download an image file from the internet and move it to the "images" directory.

Verify that the image file is in the "images" directory using the "ls" command.

Navigate to the "docs" directory.

Use the "cat" command to display the contents of the "notes.txt" file.

Append a few more lines of text to the "notes.txt" file using the "nano" editor.

Save and exit the "notes.txt" file.

Navigate back to the "chain-exercise" directory.

Create a subdirectory called "backups" inside the "chain-exercise" directory.

Use the "cp" command to make a copy of the "notes.txt" file and move it to the "backups" directory.

Use the "rm" command to delete the original "notes.txt" file.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the "notes.txt" file has been deleted.


Navigate to the "images" directory.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the "image" file is in the "images" directory.

Use the "mv" command to rename the image file to "my-image.jpg".

Navigate to the "backups" directory.

Use the "cp" command to make a copy of the "notes.txt" file and move it to the "chain-exercise" directory.

Navigate to the "chain-exercise" directory.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the "notes.txt" file is in the "chain-exercise" directory.

Use the "tar" command to create a compressed archive of the "images" directory.

Use the "gzip" command to compress the archive even further.

Use the "rm" command to delete the "images" directory and all its contents.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the "images" directory is no longer present.

Use the "tar" and "gzip" commands to extract and decompress the compressed archive file you created earlier.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the "images" subdirectory and its contents have been restored.

Use the "history" command to view a list of all the commands you've entered during this exercise.

Create a compressed archive of the "chain-exercise" directory.

Use the "scp" command to copy the archive to a remote server.

Use the "ssh" command to log in to the remote server.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the archive